PART A (Short Questions)

Explain about Resource Management in IoT.

Define Caching technique.

Write short note on TinyOS.

List the Applications of Fog Computing.

Discuss about computation offloading in IoT.

Describe the two dominant IoT architectures.

What are the advantages of Fog computing?

List out and explain the requirements that are motivated the design of TinyOS.

Explain all active threats in IoT Security.

Write all the advantages associated with Fog Computing.

Explain CoAP. List out the advantages of CoAP.

Explain the categories of protocols in IoT.

Discuss some Applications of IoT in real life scenario.

Compare the features of Cloud and Fog approaches in current data-analytics.

Explain the Inverse Pyramid for Polyglot Programming.

Explain CoAP web-transfer protocol and its advantages when compared with HTTP.

PART B (Module-wise Questions)
Module I

Explain about Internet of Things. Illustrate the different Applications of IoT.
OR

With the help of neat diagram explain about the Open IoT Architecture for IoT/Cloud Convergence.

Draw and explain the state diagram of Open IoT Services life cycle.
OR

What are the major elements of IoT architecture for IoT/cloud convergence?

With the help of neat diagram explain OpenIoT Architecture for IoT/Cloud Convergence.
OR

With the help of neat diagram explain state diagram of OpenIoT services Lifecycle.

Explain the taxonomy of resource management in IoT.
OR

Draw and explain the state diagram of the Open IoT service life cycle.

Module II

Explain Fog Computing Reference Architecture with the help of relevant diagram.
OR

Explain the importance of Fog Computing in IoT Applications.

Explain the two types of components in nesC.
OR

Explain Fog reference architecture.

Draw and explain Fog Computing Reference Architecture. Illustrate the services required to achieve Fog Computing.
OR

Explain the minimum set of features to be fulfilled by the programming frameworks for IoT.

Explain embedded device programming languages.
OR

Explain reference architecture of fog.
